# 🐔 benjxia

A-Well-a everybody's heard about the bird! Bird bird bird, b-bird's the word. A-Well-a bird bird bird, bird is the word. A-Well-a bird bird bird, well-a bird is the word. A-Well-a bird bird bird, b-bird's the word. A-Well-a bird bird bird, well-a bird is the word. A-Well-a bird, bird, b-bird's the word. A-Well-a bird bird bird, b-bird's the word. A-Well-a bird bird bird, well-a bird is the word. A-Well-a bird, bird, b-bird's the word. A-Well-a don't you know, about the bird? Well, everybody knows that the bird is the word! A-Well-a bird, bird, b-bird's the bird. A-Well-a

A-Well-a everybody's heard, about the bird! Bird bird bird, b-bird's the word. A-Well-a bird bird bird, b-bird's the word. A-Well-a bird bird bird, b-bird's the word. A-Well-a bird, bird, b-bird's the word. A-Well-a bird bird bird, b-bird's the word. A-Well-a bird bird bird, b-bird's the word. A-Well-a bird bird bird, b-bird's the word. A-Well-a bird bird bird, b-bird's the word. A-Well-a don't you know, about the bird? Well! Everybody's talking about the bird! A-Well-a bird, bird, b-bird's the bird. A-Well-a bird!

SURFIN BIR- (Incomprehensible)

Pa Pa Pa Pa Pa Pa Pa Pa Pa Pa Pa Pa Pa Pa Pa Pa Pa Pa Pa Pa Pa Pa Pa Pa Oom M-Mow Mow Pa Pa Oom Mow M-Mow Pa Pa Pa Oom M-Mow Mow Pa Pa Oom Mow M-Mow Pa Pa Oom M-Mow Mow Pa Pa Oom Mow M-Mow Oom M-Mow Mow Pa Pa Oom Mow M-Mow Pa Pa Oom M-Mow Mow Pa Pa Oom Mow M-Mow Pa Pa Oom M-Mow Mow Pa Pa Oom Mow M-Mow Oom M- Oom M- Oom M- Oom M- Oom M-Mow Mow Pa Pa Oom Mow M-Mow Pa Pa Oom M- Oom M- Oom M- Oom M- Oom M-Mow Mow Pa Pa Oom Mow M-Mow Oom M-Mow Mow Pa Pa Oom Mow M-Mow Pa Pa Oom M-Mow Mow Pa Pa Oom Mow M-Mow Pa Pa Oom M-Mow Mow Oom Mow M-Mow Pa Pa Oom M-Mow Mow Oom Mow M-Mow Pa Pa Oom M- Oom M- Oom M- Oom M- Oom M-Mow Mow Oom M- Oom M- Oom M- Oom M- Oom M-Mow Mow Oom Mow M-Mow Pa Pa Oom Mow M-Mow Pa Pa Oom M-Mow Mow Oom Mow M-Mow Well-a don't you know, about the bird? Well! Everybody knows that the bird is the word! A-Well-a bird, bird, b-bird's the bird A-Well-a Oom M-Mow Mow Pa Pa Oom Mow M-Mow Ba Pa Oom M-Mow Mow Oom Mow M-Mao Pa Pa Oom M-Mao Mao Oom Mao M-Mmao Pa Pa Oom M-Mao Mao
